Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedinventory-program-upto-part-4
<br>
Part 1Implement the Inventory Program for a product that I will choose for you. You will be informed of the selected product in Week 4 in a post titled “Inventory Program Product Selection”. I will deduct points for programs that implement products at your workplace, office supplies, music CDs, DVD movies, and software. You must also name your classes per the guidelines that I set. I do not want a class with a generic name of “Product”.Create a separate class for the selected product that holds the item number, the name of the product, the department in which the product belongs, the number of units in stock, and the price of each unit. You must use the class name that is specified in the “Inventory Program Product Selection” post.Create a Java application that displays the product number, the name of the product, the department name, the number of units in stock, the price of each unit, and the value of the inventory (the number of units in stock multiplied by the price of each unit). Pay attention to the good programming practices in the text to ensure your source code is readable and well documented.Part 2Modify the Inventory Program so the application can handle multiple items. Use an array to store the items. The output should display the information about one product at a time, including the item number, the name of the product, the department of the product, the number of units in stock, the price of each unit, and the value of the inventory of that product. In addition, the output should display the value of the entire inventory.Create a method to calculate the value of the entire inventory.Create another method to sort the array items by the name of the product.Part 3Modify the Inventory Program by creating a subclass of the selected product’s class that uses one additional unique feature of the product that has been selected for you. You must use the subclass name and additional unique feature that are specified in the “Inventory Program Product Selection” post. In the subclass, create a method to calculate the value of the inventory of a product with the same name as the method previously created for the product class. The subclass method should also add a 5% restocking fee to the value of the inventory of that product. Please re-read the post titled “Inventory Program Product Selection” for details on the subclass.Modify the output to display this additional feature you have chosen and the restocking feePart 4